# DLLTemplate
Doubly-Linked List Template Documentation

Linked lists are a made of up of data elements in a linear collection that point to the next element. Different from other data structures as their order is not by their placement in memory. They contain data and a link to the next node in the collection. The main benefit of linked lists are that they can be inserted and removed at any point in the list. 

I start off creating class MyNode to create my template for the node and allow me to access it. I then create a class MyList which creates my list and has all of my operational functions in there as well. I created a insertFirst and insertLast function to help me start to understand how they work out, as I did not have much experience with Linked Lists other than from reading. I didn’t need to create both of them, but it was just something to help me understand them better and how that order of operations works. I found that both the delete and find node function would be the exact same thing as the deleteNode function has to first find the node and then delete it. This helped a lot as I thought both of them were going to take me a long time to figure out, but with delete being the same besides returning a value it simply deletes the value. I had the clear function to delete out the list when I was finished with it and to not have a data leak. The show function is a simple print function that loops the list and displays it to the console. In the main function I access the list class and initialize a bool variable for my find function. I do some quick calls to the insert functions to put data in my list so I can then delete out a value and search the list to find a value. 
